Move Questions to Troubleshooting (#24843)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/troubleshooting/_index.md

### Results are not being surfaced in the Datadog UI

> If you are using GitHub, check the GitHub App and have the required permissions. 

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using GitHub, ensure that you are using a GitHub App and have the required permissions. 
```
